server: reload of grafana server certs when renewed without restart (#82086)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

Path to the certificate key file (if `protocol` is set to `https` or `h2`).

### certs_watch_interval

Periodicity at which `cert_key` and `cert_file` would be watched for changes.

> By default it is disabled. If enabled, then periodically `cert_key` and `cert_file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabled, by default. When enabled, `cert_key` and `cert_file`
```

> are watched for changes, if there is change seen then those are certs are loaded automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are periodically watched for changes. If there is a change, then those are certs are loaded automatically.
```

{{% admonition type="warning" %}}

> After the new certificates are loaded, connections which are established with old certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the new certificates are loaded, connections with old certificates
```
